MMM, MMM.
NOTHING TASTES BETTER
THAN AN APPLE
YOU PICKED YOURSELF.
COME ON. I WANNA MAKE
CANDIED APPLES.
IN A MINUTE.
NOW, WHO WANTS CIDER?
NONE FOR ME. THE GUY
WHO WAS SPRAYING 'EM,
HE HAD LIKE THIS
BIG LUMP ON HIS NECK.
WELL, MORE FOR US,
HUH, HENRY?
THIS TASTES FUNNY.
WHOA.
THIS CIDER'S TURNED.
TURNED INTO WHAT?
INTO GROWN-UP CIDER.
I DON'T LIKE IT.
WELL, THAT'S GOOD.
'CAUSE WE HAVE A FAMILY
HISTORY OF LIKING IT.
DAD?
WHAT'S WRONG
WITH YOUR EYE?
I GOT PEPPER-SPRAYED.
WHAT
YEAH, YEAH. YEAH,
I'LL BE...I'LL BE FINE.
YOU GO OFF FOR A ROMANTIC
GETAWAY WITH YOUR WIFE,
AND YOU COME HOME ALONE
AND PEPPER-SPRAYED.
EVERYTHING WAS FINE
UNTIL WEDNESDAY MORNING
WHEN WE WERE
GETTING READY FOR WORK.
WHAT'S SO FUNNY?
IT'S NOTHING.
WEIRD DREAM.
OK, OK, COME ON.
WHAT WAS IT?
OK. WE WERE IN THIS
WEIRD PARKING GARAGE.
SEAN, WHERE DID WE PARK?
SEAN?
SEAN, YOU HAVE THE KEYS.
AAH!
CLAUDIA!
I'M...I'M...SORRY.
I DIDN'T PUT ANY FOOD OUT.
I DIDN'T KNOW IT WAS TODAY.
DID YOU PUT FOOD OUT?
IS THIS WHAT
YOU'RE LOOKING FOR?
THANK GOD.
MMM. SPICY.
CILANTRO.
CILANTRO ISN'T SPICY.
IT IS, THE WAY I USE IT.
SHOULD WE BE DOING THIS?
PLEASE HOLD ALL QUESTIONS
UNTIL THE END.
I'VE ALWAYS
BEEN OVERWHELMED
BY THE BEAUTY.
HEY, I'VE GOT
YOUR BEAUTY RIGHT HERE.
SURREN--
SURRENDER, DOROTHY!
HOW WEIRD IS THAT?
PRETTY WEIRD.
YEAH. ME AND EDDIE?
YEAH. THAT...
AND...AND I JUST
TOTALLY DISAPPEARED?
YEAH.
WELL, THAT'S ALL THE APPLES,
SO I GUESS WE'RE DONE.
BUT WE STILL HAVE
ALL THIS RED GOO.
HEY, HOW ABOUT
CANDIED BANANAS?
YOU DON'T
DIP BANANAS, DIP.
WELL,
MAYBE YOU DON'T.
YEAH, SHE IS BAD.
BUT THE SWEATIEST
PERSON IN SCHOOL HAS
GOT TO BE MONICA BARRY.
HAVE YOU EVER STOOD
NEXT TO HER IN GYM?
OH, GOD, YES.
WELL, I SAT NEXT TO HER
BROTHER ONCE ON THE BUS,
AND HE SMELLED LIKE EGGS.
OH, HI. I'M SORRY.
WERE WE TALKING TO YOU?
I DON'T THINK SO.
HAVE YOU
EVER SMELLED EGGS?
IS SOMEONE TALKING?
I DON'T HEAR ANYTHING.
YOU WANT SOME JUICE?
SURE.
THE THING
ABOUT THIS JUICE--
GOD, IT'S
STILL TALKING!
OK, FINE.
THIS IS REALLY GOOD.
I DON'T SEE WHY YOU LET
A LITTLE DREAM BOTHER YOU.
IT DIDN'T BOTHER ME, OK?
IT SEEMED
LIKE IT BOTHERED YOU.
IT DIDN'T.
IT DIDN'T...
UNTIL I TALKED TO EDDIE.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
I NAILED YOUR WIFE.
WHOA...
YOU DIDN'T NAIL HER,
ALL RIGHT? IT WAS A DREAM.
HOW DO YOU KNOW
THAT WAS A DREAM
AND THIS IS REAL LIFE?
MAYBE THIS IS A DREAM
AND THAT DREAM IS
WHAT REALLY HAPPENED.
LOOK, CLAUDIA
DOESN'T WANT YOU.
THINK ABOUT IT.
SHE'S FEELING LOST,
EMPTY, ALONE.
SHE'S LOOKING FOR HER CAR.
SHE WANTS TO TURN IT ON.
SHE WANTS IGNITION.
SHE WANTS TO BE IGNITED.
BY YOU?
BY WHAT I REPRESENT.
WHICH IS?
WHICH IS EVERY SINGLE,
CARNAL, SCANDALOUS,
FORBIDDEN FANTASY
THAT SHE'S EVER HAD
THAT YOU CAN'T FULFILL.
TRUST ME. I CAN
FULFILL HER FANTASIES.
YEAH, IF HER FANTASY
IS BEING BORED.
SHE'S NOT BORED.
OF COURSE NOT.
YOU GUYS GET IT ON
ALL THE TIME.
YEAH, WE DO.
YOU GOT IT DOWN TO A SCIENCE.
YOU BETCHA.
NOBODY LIKES SCIENCE.
BUT THEN IT HIT ME.
CLAUDIA AND I, WE USED
TO BE SO OUTRAGEOUS.
OH, BABY, YOU'RE SO HOT.
OH, MAMA.
BUT NOW
WE'RE MORE LIKE...
OH, BABY, YOU'RE SO HOT.
OOH, MAMA.
I NEVER THOUGHT
IT WOULD HAPPEN TO US.
YOU KNOW, I NEVER
THOUGHT THAT WE WOULD
GET INTO A RUT.
WELL, LET ME TELL YOU
SOMETHING.
A RUT IS THE BREAD AND BUTTER
OF A LASTING RELATIONSHIP.
ARE YOU TRYING TO TELL ME
THAT YOU AND MOM
WERE IN A RUT?
AH, FOR 34 BEAUTIFUL YEARS.
YOUR MOTHER AND I WERE
SO COMFORTABLE WITH EACH OTHER,
THERE WERE SOME DAYS
WE DIDN'T EVEN TALK.
THAT'S NICE.
YEAH. I MISS IT.
OH, JIMMY, JIMMY.
COME HERE. COME HERE.
WE NEED YOU TO DO
SOMETHING FOR US.
YEAH?
LEAVE.
NO, NO! COME BACK.
WE'RE JUST KIDDING.
OK, OK.
ALISON THINKS
THAT A GUY WOULD LIKE IT
IF A GIRL JUST CALLS
HIM UP OUT OF THE BLUE
AND TELLS HIM
THAT SHE LIKES HIM.
YEAH, A GUY WOULD
BE COOL WITH THAT.
I TOLD YOU.
FINE. WHEN YOU'RE RIGHT,
YOU'RE RIGHT.
HEY, WHEN DID
YOU GET SO CUTE?
HOW OLD ARE YOU?
WELL, I'M PRETTY
MATURE FOR MY AGE.
I'M SURE YOU ARE.
MORE CIDER?
OK, OK. SHH!
IT'S RINGING.
SHH.
UM, HI. JASON?
IT'S LILY FINNERTY.
I THINK YOU ARE SO HOT,
HOT, HOT,
HOT-OT-OT-OT...
WITH A CAPITAL "T."
I THINK HE LIKES ME.
I DON'T KNOW WHY YOU LET
EDDIE GET TO YOU LIKE THAT.
DREAMS DON'T MEAN A THING.
OH, YEAH? WELL,
EVERY PSYCHIATRIST
OF THE LAST CENTURY
WOULD HAVE TO DISAGREE
WITH YOU ON THAT ONE.
WHAT DO THEY KNOW? A BUNCH
OF PROFESSIONAL PERVERTS.
HEY, HENRY.
WHAT ARE YOU EATING?
CANDIED CHICKEN WING.
WANT A BITE?
NO. NO, NO.
NO, THANKS. NO, THANKS.
YOU KNOW, I HAD A REALLY
WEIRD DREAM LAST NIGHT.
HENRY, CAN YOU
PLEASE PASS THE PEAS?
I'LL GIVE YOU PEAS.
HENRY, WHAT'D
YOU DO THAT FOR?
FATHER, I'M GOING
TO KILL YOU.
NO!
I'M STABBED.
WILL YOU MARRY ME, MOM?
OF COURSE, HENRY.
I LOVE YOU THE BEST.
THINK IT MEANS ANYTHING?
UH, NO.
NO.
IT'S RANDOM.
SEE? DREAMS
DO MEAN SOMETHING.
I HAD THAT SAME
DREAM ABOUT YOU.
YOU THINK THIS DREAM
OF CLAUDIA'S MEANS
THAT SHE WANTS EDDIE?
NO. NO. NO.
SHE WANTS ME
TO BE MORE ROMANTIC
AND MORE SPONTANEOUS.
OK? SO I WENT
BY HER WORK,
AND I DID SOMETHING...
STUPID.
I'M SORRY. I HAVE
NOTHING AVAILABLE MONDAY.
LET ME JUST CHECK
THE BOOK FOR YOU.
HELLO, CLAUDIA.
SEAN, IS EVERYTHING OK?
BABY, THESE ARE FOR YOU.
THANKS.
HOLD ON A SECOND.
I'M SORRY. THE FIRST
AVAILABLE I HAVE IS
THURSDAY THE 18th AT 7:00.
GREAT.
WE'LL SEE YOU THEN.
HEY, WHAT'S GOING ON?
MY LADY,
YOUR CHARIOT AWAITS.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
I'M FULFILLING
YOUR EVERY FANTASY.
SWEETIE, I'M AT WORK.
I KNOW.
AND WHEN YOU'RE DONE,
I WAS GONNA WHISK YOU
AWAY TO THE PIER,
AND WE'D HAVE A LITTLE
DINNER AND HAVE
A ROMANTIC EVENING.
HONEY, I...
HI. GOTTLIEBS.
YES, YES.
TWO AT 7:30.
YOU'RE JUST
A LITTLE BIT EARLY.
IF YOU WOULDN'T MIND
HAVING A DRINK AT THE BAR.
GREAT. THANK YOU.
YOU DO REALIZE I DON'T GET
OFF WORK FOR 5 HOURS, RIGHT?
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
IT'S SATURDAY. YOU WORK
THE EARLY SHIFT ON SATURDAY.
NO, NO. THE SECOND SATURDAY
OF EVERY MONTH
I WORK THE DINNER SHIFT.
15's OPEN.
GREAT.
MR. HUGHES, RIGHT THIS WAY.
UH...UH, CLAUD!
BABY, I GOT A LIMO.
JUST GO HAVE
A SEAT AT THE BAR.
THE LIMO HAS A BAR. IT...
LOOK, TONIGHT
IS OUR NIGHT, OK?
COME ON. WE'RE GONNA GO
BE SPONTANEOUS. LET'S GO.
WILL YOU LOOK AROUND?
THIS IS A ZOO
IN HERE TONIGHT.
LOOK AT MY BOOK.
I DON'T HAVE A MINUTE
TO BREATHE UNTIL 11:30.
CAN'T YOU GET SOMEONE
TO FILL IN FOR YOU?
WHAT?
YEAH, I MEAN, YOU KNOW,
SOME PLACES DON'T
EVEN HAVE A HOSTESS.
THEY JUST COME IN
AND THEY HAVE THIS SIGN
THAT SAYS "JUST SEAT YOURSELF."
SO YOU THINK I CAN
BE REPLACED WITH A SIGN?
NO! NO, THAT'S NOT
MY POINT, BABY.
I'M JUST SAYING
OTHER RESTAURANTS...
LOOK, I GOT A LIMO!
EVENING, CLAUDIA.
GOOD EVENING, MR. SANDERS.
EXCUSE ME, SEAN.
BABY, PLEASE, JUST GIVE...
MY BOOK, PLEASE.
MR. SANDERS,
I HAVE YOU DOWN
FOR 8:00 TONIGHT.
WHERE'S YOUR
WEDDING RING?
I COULD'VE SWORN
I CHANGED IT.
NOT A PROBLEM. I'M SURE
I CAN SQUEEZE YOU IN.
WHY ARE YOU NOT WEARING
YOUR WEDDING RING?
THIS IS ABOUT TIPS,
ALL RIGHT!
I'M SORRY, BUT IT'S TRUE.
IF MEN THINK YOU'RE SINGLE,
YOU GET BIGGER TIPS.
OH, REALLY? THEN WHY
STOP WITH THE RING? WHY
NOT LOSE THE UNDERWEAR, TOO?
MISS?
MISSUS, PAL.
EXCUSE ME.
I'LL BE RIGHT WITH YOU.
IF YOU WANT A TABLE,
THEN I CAN HELP YOU.
IF NOT, I SUGGEST YOU LEAVE.
I DON'T WANT A TABLE.
GOOD, 'CAUSE YOU'RE
NOT IN MY BOOK.
GOOD, BECAUSE I'M...GOD!
OH, MY GOD.
I JUST MADE A BOOTY CALL.
YES, YOU DID.
A BOOTY CALL.
BOOTY, BOOTY, BOOTY,
BOOTY, BOO-TAY.
GIVE ME SOME
OF THAT BOO-TAY.
SINCE WHEN DO YOU HAVE
THE NERVE TO DO THAT?
I DON'T KNOW.
MAY I TOP YOU OFF?
YOU'RE SO SWEET.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
I INVITED JASON OVER,
AND I LOOK LIKE CRAP.
YEAH, YOU DO.
WHAT IS WRONG WITH ME?
IT'S LIKE I'M DRUNK.
HEY, WHO'S THIRSTY?
WHAT'S IN THAT CIDER?
APPLES.
THIS IS ALCOHOLIC.
REALLY?
OH, MAN. WE'RE WASTED.
AND JASON'S
COMING OVER HERE.
OH, YOU'RE SO SCREWED.
I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU CHUCKED
CLAUDIA'S RESERVATION BOOK
OUT INTO THE STREET.
I KNOW. I KNOW.
IT WAS AWFUL,
BUT I WAS FRUSTRATED.
YOU GOT TO LEARN
TO CONTROL YOUR FRUSTRATIONS.
OH, THIS FROM THE MAN
WHO SPENT HALF HIS LIFE
SCREAMING AT APPLIANCES.
WHAT?
MENUS?
MENUS ARE FOR RESTAURANTS!
HELLO?
STUPID CORDLESS PHONE!
GIVE ME MY ENGLISH MUFFIN!
AHH!
I WAS HOPING
FOR MORE FROM YOU.
WELL, YOU CAN BE PROUD
BECAUSE MY CONSCIENCE
CAUGHT UP PRETTY QUICKLY.
AHH!
OH, NO.
CAN YOU BELIEVE IT?
WHAT'S THIS CITY COMING TO?
OH, UH...HEY, HONEY.
SEAN, CAN I SEE YOU
IN THE KITCHEN ALONE?
UH-OH.
UH-HUH.
RIGHT ABOUT NOW A RUT IS
LOOKING PRETTY GOOD, ISN'T IT?
CHECK IT OUT.
I DIPPED MY G.I. JOES.
NOW IT'S ONE BIG JOE.
OH! THAT'S TERRIFIC, HONEY.
HOW ABOUT
IF YOU GO UPSTAIRS
AND PLAY WITH THAT
ON SOME PLASTIC?
CLAUDIA, I...I...I...
SEAN, I DON'T WANNA FIGHT
ANYMORE, ALL RIGHT? I CAN'T.
I'VE JUST BEEN THROUGH
THE SINGLE WORST NIGHT
OF MY ENTIRE WORKING LIFE,
AND I JUST WANNA
SAY I AM SO SORRY
FOR HOW I TREATED YOU.
YOU ARE?
YES.
I MEAN, YOU WERE CLUELESS
AND KIND OF A JERK,
BUT YOU WERE JUST
TRYING TO BE ROMANTIC.
AND...GOD,
I SHOULD'VE TOLD YOU
ABOUT THE RING THING.
I KNOW, BABY.
THAT REALLY HURT.
I KNOW. IT WAS
SO STUPID OF ME.
I'M SO SORRY.
I FORGIVE YOU.
IT'S OK, BABY,
BECAUSE WHEN YOU
LOVE SOMEONE SO MUCH,
YOU CAN JUST FORGIVE THEM
FOR ANYTHING.
I STOLE
YOUR RESERVATION BOOK.
YOU WHAT?
I WAS JUST SO MAD AND
IN THE HEAT OF THE MOMENT...
YOU ASS!
HEY! HEY!
I ACCEPTED YOUR APOLOGY.
WELL, WHAT I DID
WAS FORGIVABLE!
WAIT. THE BIBLE SAYS
ALL SINS ARE FORGIVABLE.
OH, GIVE ME A BREAK!
THIS IS A THOUSAND
TIMES WORSE THAN
ANYTHING IN THE BIBLE.
WAIT. THEY CUT
JOHN THE BAPTIST'S HEAD OFF--
OH, SHUT UP
AND GIVE ME BACK MY BOOK!
I CAN'T, BABY. I LOST IT.
YOU WHAT?!
WHOA! YOU SAID YOU
DIDN'T WANNA FIGHT.
THAT WAS BEFORE
I KNEW WHAT YOU DID.
BABY, I LOOKED EVERYWHERE.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO.
DID YOU CALL THE POLICE?
OH, YEAH, YEAH.
THEY'RE PULLING A COUPLE
OF DETECTIVES OFF A MURDER.
YOU THREW AWAY MY BOOK.
YOU DON'T GET
TO BE SARCASTIC.
BABY, LOOK, I DID
EVERYTHING I COULD THINK OF.
I EVEN BROUGHT IN
AN EXPERT ON STOLEN GOODS.
TAKE US TO ASTOR PLACE,
MY GOOD MAN.
HEY, HOW DO YOU KNOW
THE BOOK'S GONNA BE THERE?
OH. YOU GOT TO KNOW
THE CITY, MAN.
YOU WANT SCUNGILLI,
YOU GO TO LITTLE ITALY.
YOU WANT A FAKE ROLEX,
YOU GO TO CANAL STREET.
YOU WANT A REAL ROLEX,
CALL ME UP. I'LL HOOK YOU UP.
BUT IF I WANT
A RESERVATION BOOK,
I GO TO ASTOR PLACE?
YEAH. EVERYTHING
ENDS UP AT ASTOR PLACE.
IT'S LIKE eBAY...
ONLY IT SMELLS.
YO, YO, YO!
CHECK IT OUT, LADIES!
WE'RE MULTIMILLIONAIRES!
EDDIE, THEY'RE
FLIPPING YOU OFF.
YOU GOT NO FREAKING CLASS!
THERE. LOOK.
PULL OVER! PULL OVER!
HEY, JUST OUT OF CURIOSITY,
HOW MUCH FOR THAT
CRAPPY LITTLE BINDER?
500 BUCKS.
WHAT?
COME ON, MAN. WE'LL
GIVE YOU 10 BUCKS FOR IT.
PLEASE. YOU JUST
PULLED UP IN A LIMO.
LISTEN, MAN.
I'VE BEEN AROUND THE BLOCK.
I'VE WORKED
IN AFTER-MARKET RETAIL.
SO TELL ME,
BETWEEN YOU AND ME,
WHAT'S THE BEST
YOU CAN DO FOR US?
THE BEST.
FOR YOU GUYS?
TELL YOU WHAT I'LL DO.
500 BUCKS.
NO! FORGET IT.
COME ON. 500 BUCKS?
THIS BOOK HAS ROBERT De NIRO'S
HOME PHONE NUMBER IN IT.
AND YOU KNOW WHY?
'CAUSE IT'S MY BOOK, MAN.
SO JUST GIVE IT BACK.
JUST GET OUT
OF HERE. HEY!
GIVE ME THE BOOK!
AAH!
OK, SO YOU SEE, YOU'RE NOT
THE ONLY ONE WHO'S SUFFERED.
OK, I SUFFERED, TOO.
YOU SUFFERED
FOR WHAT YOU DID.
NO, WHAT I DID FOR YOU.
WHAT YOU DID
FOR ME TO MAKE UP
FOR WHAT YOU DID TO ME.
WAIT, BABY. I CAN'T FOLLOW
WHAT YOU'RE SAYING.
THIS PEPPER SPRAY REACTED
BAD OR SOMETHING. IT'S REALLY...
IT'S REALLY
DISORIENTING RIGHT NOW.
WHOO! WHOA.
HELLO.
HI.
ARE YOU OK?
WHY
WHOO.
HEY, GET YOUR HANDS OFF ME.
NOW, KISS ME.
WHAT'S ALL THIS THEN?
OH, HELLO, UNCLE EDDIE.
IS SHE DRUNK?
I THINK SO.
YOU GOT MY NIECE DRUNK?
NO, NO, NO.
SHE WAS LIKE THIS
WHEN I GOT HERE.
HEY, KID,
I KNOW GUYS LIKE YOU.
I AM A GUY LIKE YOU.
WHAT?
LILY, WOULD YOU GO IN
FOR A SECOND?
LET ME ASK YOU SOMETHING.
YOU'VE GOT AN ACTIVE MIND.
WHAT DO YOU THINK
IT FEELS LIKE
TO GET HIT WITH A TIRE IRON
40 OR 50 TIMES?
OW!
NOW GET OUT OF HERE.
UNCLE EDDIE, WHAT HAPPENED?
WHERE'S MY JASON?
DON'T YOU WORRY ABOUT HIM.
HE WON'T BE
HURTING YOU ANYMORE.
OH, GOD.
I MISS HIM SO MUCH.
I KNOW.
* CLAUDIA
EDDIE, THIS IS NOT
A GOOD TIME.
IT'S NOT A GOOD TIME?
WELL, THAT'S TOO BAD
'CAUSE I'VE GOT
SOMETHING FOR YOU.
OH, MY GOD. MY BOOK!
WHERE'D YOU GET IT?
NO THANKS TO YOU,
I MANAGED TO FIND A GUY
IN UNION SQUARE.
I TRADED HIM
A BOOTLEG CASSETTE
OF THE NEW PLANET
OF THE APES MOVIE.
WHERE DID YOU GET THAT?
I DIDN'T. I GOT A BLANK
LABEL ON A USED COPY
OF CROCODILE DUNDEE.
ALL RIGHT, THANK YOU
SO MUCH. MM!
I'M THE MAN
OF YOUR DREAMS.
SHH!
YOU TOLD HIM?
NO, BABY. NO.
CLAUDIA, IT'S ALL RIGHT.
YOU KNOW, I'VE HAD A COUPLE
OF DREAMS ABOUT YOU, TOO.
OH! ENOUGH, EDDIE.
COME ON. GO.
MAYBE WE SHOULD
COMPARE NOTES.
I MEAN, LIKE YOU,
I HAVE A VERY UNUSUAL
SUBCONSCIOUS.
YOU CAN GO.
DO YOU OWN A RUBBER BRA?
JUST...
DO YOU?
OUT.
THE DREAM?
BABY, I DON'T KNOW.
I WAS UPSET ABOUT IT.
OBVIOUSLY I SHOULDN'T
TELL YOU THINGS.
WELL,
MAYBEYOU SHOULDN'T,
BECAUSE, YOU KNOW,
I WAS WORRIED,
AND I WANNA BE THE GUY
WHO'S MANHANDLING YOU
IN SOME DIRTY ALLEY.
ALL RIGHT. COME ON.
SERIOUSLY?
NO.
AW, COME ON
THERE'S AN ALLEY
BEHIND THE LAUNDROMAT.
NO.
ARE YOU WEARING ANYTHING
UNDER THAT LEATHER COAT?
OK, MAYBE AFTER
THE KIDS ARE IN BED.
HEY. HEY, MOM.
YOU KNOW HOW YOU'RE
ALWAYS LOSING YOUR EARRINGS?
NEVER AGAIN.
WELL, THANKS, BABE.
HEY, UH,
WHERE'S YOUR BROTHER?
BEATS ME.
IF YOU TELL ANYONE
THAT WE MADE OUT,
I WILL KILL YOU.
WHO AM I GONNA TELL?
STOP IT!
LILY, ARE YOU OK?
CAN YOU JUST
BE QUIET, PLEASE?
WAIT. ARE YOU
HUNG OVER?
NICE PARENTING, SEAN.
WAIT A MINUTE.
YOU WERE THE ONE WHO
WAS IN CHARGE LAST NIGHT.
YEAH, BUT I DIDN'T
LET HER GET...GOOD LORD.
WHERE'S THAT CIDER?
WHAT CIDER?
NO CIDER.
DO YOU GUYS THINK THIS HICKEY
WILL LAST TILL MONDAY?
LOOK AT THE TIME.
I GOT TO GO.